so black ops 2 has been infected I am
searching for a game and I cannot find
one but it always makes me hosts I don't
have a JTAG but the servers have been
infected see I pulled hosts even though
there's a bunch of games on right now P
hub fuck my life
fo versus ever yes
that's racist man okay so what do you
care fuck up every verse ever you
fucking racist Amrit African child
fucking starving molesting fucking
inbred abortion okay you're bad we're
supposed to be an abortion but your mom
failed just so okay as you can see I'm
host okay that's pretty original
I'm both and I have a regular 360 okay
so this is a modded game I wish you wish
it is a mod of game black ops who is
infected
and we go there's my second mother
coffee in a row done rubs why I love it
it's really annoying
I think this back alley you can't so
funny of course the cuts are American is
LA I like to get a run around super hot
I heard you